[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#645)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/behaviors/AutoSelectBehavior.md

## Sample Project

> AutoSelect behavior sample page Source `(https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/tree/rel/7.0.1/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.SampleApp/SamplePages/AutoSelectBehavior)`. You can [see this in action](uwpct://Helpers?sample=AutoSelectBehavior) in [Windows Community Toolkit Sample App](https://aka.ms/windowstoolkitapp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[AutoSelect behavior sample page Source](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/tree/rel/7.1.2/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.SampleApp/SamplePages/AutoSelectBehavior)`. You can [see this in action](uwpct://Helpers?sample=AutoSelectBehavior) in [Windows Community Toolkit Sample App](https://aka.ms/windowstoolkitapp).
```

I'm not sure why the version is wrong, but that's all that's wrong here, the content is still good.

## Source Code

> - [AutoSelect behavior source code](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/747497aafbc1f3af1ab17ea48ac526b51528faa2/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Behaviors/Select/AutoSelectBehavior.cs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AutoSelect behavior source code](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.1.2/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Behaviors/Select/AutoSelectBehavior.cs)
```

We want to link to the specific version from the last release, it makes it easier to update in the future, we just didn't do that with the last release.
